	1. The Resurrection of Jesus Christ
	2. The Ascension of Jesus to Heaven
	3. The Descent of the Holy Ghost
	4. The Assumption of Mary into Heaven
	5. Mary is Crowned as Queen of Heaven and Earth

## 1st Glorious Mystery: The Resurrection of Jesus Christ
At dawn of the first day of the week, I was with John and Peter. I was in my room alone: John and Peter were in the next room. I woke up. There was a light: it was all over the room. There was my Son: He came forward, He said to me, "Come, for you are the one worthy to be the first to see My risen body." The Lord permitted me to kiss His hand and to be embraced. The Lord in His glorified body in which He had the scars of the nail prints in His hands and feet and the scar of the lance in His side, was no longer the bleeding Son I saw on the way to Calvary: His body was full of light, a light that was emanating from His body. Jesus then said to me , "Do not, My mother, tell My disciples until I have sent Mary Magdelene because it is all in the plan of the Father. They will come to faith by seeing and touching. I have come to you because you have faith. Pray that My disciples will accept Me risen from the dead." Then He went away to appear to Mary Magdelene, to the women, and then to His disciples.
My children, the most precious gift you have is your faith. Your faith must not be hidden: your faith must be your main motivation in your life. Cast away all doubt by prayer: give yourselves totally to Jesus Who will illuminate your mind and heart through the power of the resurrection.

## 2nd Glorious Mystery: The Ascension of Jesus to Heaven
After forty days when Jesus appeared to His disciples, Jesus led us to the outskirts of Bethany to the mount of Olives: that mount where He was transfigured in the sight of Peter, James and John. Jesus took us to the mount of Olives and He lifted up His arms and He blessed His apostles and He blessed His disciples. He blessed the holy women and He blessed me, His mother. He said to His apostles, "Go to the whole world and preach the good news to every creature. Teach all that I have commanded you. Baptize them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. I am with you always even to the end of time." Then He said to them, "Go to Jerusalem and stay there until My Father has sent you the promise: then when the Holy Spirit comes upon you, you will have power to be My witnesses: you will be My witnesses in Jerusalem, in Judea, and even to the ends of the earth." As Jesus was saying this, He was lifted up before our eyes. I longed to go with Him but Jesus said to me. "Woman, these are your children. It is not time for you to go now: stay, I will call you when it is the proper time. Stay and pray with My disciples." He went up into Heaven when finally a cloud came and took Him from our sight and we saw Him no more. Then I saw two men dressed in white. They were angels and said to the apostles, "Men of Galilee, why are you standing there looking up into the heavens. This Jesus who you saw go up into heaven will come again as He went." Then we went to Jerusalem to the upper room where Jesus had changed bread and wine into His Body and Blood. There we stayed to pray.
My children, learn from this mystery: learn that Jesus is Lord of Heaven and earth and all authority belongs to Him. There is no authority permitted without my Son's consent. Pray for those in authority: for government leaders that they be submissive to the authority of Jesus. Pray for missionaries: that they will be faithful in teaching the gospel of Jesus and will teach people the means of salvation. Pray for holy patience: pray that you will wait upon the Lord and wait till He tells you what to do and when to do it. Be disposed to listen to the voice of God and to obey the voice of God. My children, finally be alert in prayer and be united in prayer: prayer is the means that God wishes to use to bring the Church together. I am among you even now in prayer asking the Lord to bless you.

## 3rd Glorious Mystery: The Descent of the Holy Ghost
It was the day of Pentecost: the city of Jerusalem was crowded. Every people from every known nation of the world who were of the Jewish faith came to Jerusalem to celebrate the feast of Booths. The disciples and the relatives of my Son and I were still in the upper room, when suddenly we heard a rushing wind: In the room we could feel wind on our faces and then we saw fire right in the midst of us: a fire that was not of this world but a fire that came upon our heads and as it touched us we were filled with the immense power of God. We felt joy and peace: we felt love. All our fear was gone: we no longer had a fear of who came to the door. The disciple John came to me and said , "Mother we are free! We are free!" Peter came to me, "My Lady, look the promise of your Son is here." I said to Peter, "This must not be kept to yourself: go and tell everyone about Jesus." The apostle Peter took the lead and opened the door of the upper room and the apostles and the disciples went out. There were people from every nation, from every language, and yet every one was understanding Peter's sermon. Everyone was understanding the message of salvation. Peter said, "We are not drunk. This is the fulfillment of what was said by the prophet Joel: the Spirit of the Lord will come down on all flesh. Save yourselves," he said, "Repent of your sins and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus and you too will receive the Holy Ghost." On that day three thousand entered the Church of my Son. I was still in the room listening to Peter and seeing the apostles baptizing those who came forward. Jesus again fulfilled His words: the power of the Spirit was upon His disciples who bore witness to Him.
My children, pray to the Heavenly Father in this mystery for the power of the Holy Ghost to fill you with love and with boldness. Pray to the Father that the fire of the Spirit will purify you from all trace of sin. My children, if you are in sin, go and seek forgiveness in the sacrament of reconciliation and then pray to my Son that the Holy Ghost will fill your soul with every grace necessary for your salvation and for the salvation of others. Also, my children, share the good news that Jesus is the Savior of the world and there is no other Savior but Jesus. I will pray that the Lord will use you in power and by the grace of the Holy Ghost you will be transformed into witnesses for Jesus.

## 4th Glorious Mystery: The Assumption of Mary into Heaven
I knew that my last days were to come. After Pentecost, John and I went to Ephesus and we lived there for thirty years. I told John, "My days on earth are coming to an end. I wish to go back to Jerusalem and to be with all the apostles and to say farewell. " John complied and we went to Jerusalem. I asked once we arrived in Jerusalem to send for the apostles. This was before James was executed by Herod. They all met with me except Thomas. I told the apostles, "It is time for me to leave you, my sons. I must go to be with Jesus but I am not leaving you orphans like my Son did not leave you orphans. Now that I am going to be with Jesus I will pray for you and I will be concerned with your welfare." Peter came to me and said, "Mother, when you see Him, tell Him I love Him." I told Peter, "He knows that you love Him, by you feeding His sheep." I laid back and I fell asleep. With great sorrow, my sons, the apostles, laid me in a tomb. No sooner that they closed the door of the tomb I heard my Son's voice, "Come, My beloved mother. Awake, I have come for you." My eyes opened and Jesus in all glory came for me and angels were attending Him. "Come, My beloved Mother," He said, "Come, and inherit the Kingdom prepared for you by My Father." The angels lifted me up in their hands and I went and followed my Son into Heaven. I heard the choirs of angels and the choirs of the Just as they sang a hymn of praise to the most Holy Trinity. They said, "Blessed are you oh God of host: You in Your greatness have exulted Your handmaid. For the one who bore Your Son, the spotless Virgin Mary, has been made worthy to sit at His right hand. Welcome, oh daughter of God. Welcome oh Mother of the Savior. Oh welcome, bride of the Holy Spirit. Welcome, handmaid and Queen."
My children, in this mystery ask the heavenly Father for an intense desire to be with Jesus. My children, the things of this world are temporary. Nothing in this world will satisfy the longing of your hearts. Only Jesus, my Son will satisfy you. Only Jesus, my Son, can fill the void in your hearts and make you happy. Let your satisfaction be in Jesus. My children, I wish for you to do deeds of mercy and love for the honor of Jesus and when you pray, my children, pray that your hearts will be filled with only one thing: JESUS.

## 5th Glorious Mystery: Mary is Crowned as Queen of Heaven and Earth
When I arrived in Heaven, the angels quickly put a robe of gold upon me. Then they put a mantle full of jewels and then I was led to the throne of the Trinity. God the Father said to me, "Oh My daughter you have been faithful as My instrument. You have brought up my Son in dignity and goodness. You have been faithful as My servant and as My daughter. You have kept your soul spotless by being faithful to My grace which I have given to you since you were conceived in your mother's womb. Welcome, My daughter into Our presence: come closer, you merit the crown of Our favor." I approached the throne of the Trinity and then God the Father, Jesus my Son, and the Holy Spirit Who is God, crowned me with a crown of gold and jewels. There was great rejoicing in Heaven: the angels began to sing, "Glory to God! Glory to God! Glory to God!" and the saints began to sing "Blessed are You, oh God most high, for You have exalted Your servant Mary to be Queen: to be honored above all creatures." And the angels also joined in the praises by saying, "Blessed are You, oh God of host, for You have thought it worthy to exalt and crown the lowly creature Mary as Queen of the universe." My Son took me by the hand and led me to the throne prepared for me. "Sit here, My Mother," He said, "This throne is yours. I have prepared it for you. It is here that you will rule with Me for all eternity: it is here that you will intercede for the world and I will hear whatever you say for I love you and I wish to honor you." I said, "Oh my Son, it is good for me to be here but I also pray that soon Your apostles, Your disciples, and all Your people will be here with us to praise You, to love You for all eternity." "Yes My Mother," He said to me, "I will give to you whatever your heart desires and from now on all men that acknowledge Me as their King must also acknowledge you as their Queen and Mother."
My children, I come to pray for you and to ask Jesus' blessing upon you. Give yourselves to me, my children. Entrust yourselves to my prayers. Jesus is always ready to respond to my prayers: give yourselves to me, my children, and your prayers will be answered by my Son. Children, come to me in prayer and I will whisper in your hearts. Obey me, your mother, and it will go well with you and I will intercede for you and you will gain favor from the Lord and yes my children pray for the grace to become totally holy in the eyes of God and I will be waiting for you my children until we are together to praise the Lord for all eternity.
